https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/Master-Prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_01.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_02.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_03.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_04.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_05.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_06.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_07.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_08.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_09.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_10.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_11.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_12.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_13.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_14.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/DNDAI_Plan_15.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-20.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-21.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-22.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-23.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-24.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-25.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-26.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-27.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-28.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-29.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-30.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-31.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-32.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-33.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-34.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-35.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-36.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-37.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-38.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-39.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-40.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-41.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-42.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-43.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-44.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-45.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-46.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-47.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-48.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-49.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-50.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-51.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-52.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-53.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-54.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-55.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-56.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-57.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-58.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-59.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-60.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-61.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-62.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-63.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-64.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-65.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-66.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-67.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/dndai-progress-68.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/Agent Optimization Research Plan_.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/AI_DM_Documentation.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/AI Dungeon Master Optimization_.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/Autonomous VS Code Agent Loop_(1).docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/Autonomous VS Code Agent Loop_.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/CHANGELOG.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/context-document.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_01.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_02.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_03.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_04.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_05.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_06.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_07.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_08.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_09.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_10.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_11.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_12.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_13.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_14.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/DNDAI_Plan_15.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/ai-implementation-architecture.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/ai-implementation-sample-workflow.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/ai-module-api-contracts.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/ai-system-configuration.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/appendices.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/core-system-mechanics.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/creatures-encounters.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/culture-society.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/dm-reference-style-guide.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/dungeons-sites.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/economy-trade.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/feudal-obligations-succession.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/geography-regions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/glossary.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/images/feudal-hierarchy-diagram-prompt.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/images/genealogy-ashvale-diagram-prompt.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/magic-items-artifacts.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/magic-system.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/model-download-instructions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/noble-feudal-structure.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/npc-character-templates.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/random-tables-generators.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/religion-pantheon.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/documentation/timeline-world-history.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/Gemini Export July 25, 2025 at 4_32_27 PM CDT.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/.github/copilot-instructions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/HART-DESKTOP-DeviceReport.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/README.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/Strategic Plan for a Robust and Highly Performant AI Dungeon Master(1).docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/Strategic Plan for a Robust and Highly Performant AI Dungeon Master(2).docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/Strategic Plan for a Robust and Highly Performant AI Dungeon Master.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Additional Info/VS Code Agent Enhancement_.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/AI_DM_Documentation.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/HART-DESKTOP-DeviceReport.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/hart-server-progress-01.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/hart-server-progress-02.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/hart-server-progress-03.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/hart-server-progress-04.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/hart-server-progress-05.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/Agent Optimization Research Plan_.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/Agent-Optimization-Research-Plan.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/AI Dungeon Master Optimization_.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/archive/README.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/CHANGELOG.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/context-document.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/CONTRIBUTING.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/accessibility-and-ethics.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/ai-dataset-guidelines.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/AI Dungeon Master Optimization_.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/ai-implementation-architecture.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/ai-implementation-sample-workflow.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/ai-model-finetuning-and-prompting.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/ai-module-api-contracts.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/ai-safety-and-content-moderation.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/ai-system-configuration.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/appendices.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/CHANGELOG.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/context-document.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/core-system-mechanics.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/creatures-encounters.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/culture-society.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/deployment-and-operations.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/developer-quickstart.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/dm-reference-style-guide.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/dungeons-sites.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/economy-trade.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/faq-and-troubleshooting.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/feudal-obligations-succession.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/geography-regions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/glossary.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/images/feudal-hierarchy-diagram-prompt.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/images/genealogy-ashvale-diagram-prompt.txt
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/INDEX.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/integration-architecture.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/Knowledge Aggregation.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/magic-items-artifacts.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/magic-system.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/model-download-instructions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/module-extension-guide.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/noble-feudal-structure.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/npc-character-templates.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/random-tables-generators.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/README.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/religion-pantheon.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/Strategic Plan for a Robust and Highly Performant AI Dungeon Master.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/STYLE_GUIDE.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/Table of Contents.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/testing-and-validation.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/timeline-world-history.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/docs/Unified Topics Index.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/copilot-instructions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/instructions/prompt_engineering_best_practices.instructions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/instructions/prompt_engineering.instructions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/instructions/research_workspace.instructions.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/agentic_research.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/agentic-workflow-orchestration.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/chain-of-verification.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/cos_framework.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/prompt-chaining.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/prompt-compression.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/react_framework.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/.github/prompts/tot_framework.prompt.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/Knowledge Aggregation.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/README.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/research/Agent-Optimization-Research-Plan.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/research/Knowledge Aggregation.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/research/README.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/research/Table of Contents.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/research/Unified Topics Index.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/Strategic Plan for a Robust and Highly Performant AI Dungeon Master.docx
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/Table of Contents.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/TEST2.TXT
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/TEST.TXT
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/Unified Topics Index.md
https://github.com/aharttn/dndai/blob/main/documentation/Reference Archive/WORKSPACE_TASK_LIST.md
